Impacts in Scope
Search by keyword
Critical
Direct theft of any user funds, whether at-rest or in-motion, other than unclaimed yield

Critical
Permanent freezing of funds

Critical
Protocol insolvency

High
Theft of unclaimed yield

High
Permanent freezing of unclaimed yield

High
Temporary freezing of funds

Medium
Smart contract unable to operate due to lack of token funds

Medium
Griefing (e.g. no profit motive for an attacker, but damage to the users or the protocol)


Out of scope
Program's Out of Scope information
In addition to Immunefi scope rules, the following are considered out-of-scope:

everything noted in this document set (e.g., Risks and Limitations)
everything noted in audit reports
user error; i.e., inadequate inputs or config, lack of mechanism understanding, etc (see below)
unrealistic fund state (see below)
Examples of out-of-scope "user error"
Onyx is designed for flexibility of different setups and administrative needs. The admin role is often tasked with ensuring fairness, avoidance of denial-of-service (DoS) and similar ill effects, executing steps in order, and otherwise following manual processes to achieve desired results (e.g., Suggested Subscription Rounds).

Example: deposit and redeem handler DoS due to request cancelations
Some deposit and redeem handlers (e.g., ERC7540LikeDepositQueue and ERC7540LikeRedeemQueue) use a minRequestDuration, where a request is cancelable after minRequestDuration has elapsed.

As long as minRequestDuration is always set adequately (i.e., greater than the maximum time between batches), there will never be a cancelation DoS opportunity.

Example: deposit and redeem handler DoS due to small amounts that round to 0 shares
admin has full control to omit requests with amounts that are considered too small.

Example: share price staleness/fairness/etc during deposit or redemption
admin has full control over the price at which deposits and redemptions are executed, and it must be part of their process to validate that the currently-set share price is adequate for any action according to their needs.

Example: failure to initialize contract
Contracts are always expected to be properly-initialized, and all proxies are always deployed with their init data bundled into the same call.

Examples of "unrealistic fund state"
Onyx vaults are assumed to operate within common-sense constraints for how managed funds work.

Closely related to #examples-of-out-of-scope-user-error.

Example: more debt than assets
A reasonable managed fund cannot take on more debt than assets such that share value <= 0.

Example: shares totalSupply > 0 when share value == 0
At the point where a fund truly loses all assets (e.g., hack, violent value deprecation that rounds to 0) and shares have no value, a fund would shut down rather than, e.g., accept new depositors who immediately get diluted by the shares totalSupply.

Default Out of Scope and rules
Smart Contract specific

Incorrect data supplied by third party oracles
Not to exclude oracle manipulation/flash loan attacks
Impacts requiring basic economic and governance attacks (e.g. 51% attack)
Lack of liquidity impacts
Impacts from Sybil attacks
Impacts involving centralization risks
All categories

Impacts requiring attacks that the reporter has already exploited themselves, leading to damage
Impacts caused by attacks requiring access to leaked keys/credentials
Impacts caused by attacks requiring access to privileged addresses (including, but not limited to: governance and strategist contracts) without additional modifications to the privileges attributed
Impacts relying on attacks involving the depegging of an external stablecoin where the attacker does not directly cause the depegging due to a bug in code
Mentions of secrets, access tokens, API keys, private keys, etc. in Github will be considered out of scope without proof that they are in-use in production
Best practice recommendations
Feature requests
Impacts on test files and configuration files unless stated otherwise in the bug bounty program
Impacts requiring phishing or other social engineering attacks against project's employees and/or customers