Smart Contract Code

Review And Security

Analysis Report

Customer: NEBA Token

Date: 17/10/2025



We express our gratitude to the NEBA Token team for the collaborative engagement that

enabled the execution of this Smart Contract Security Assessment.

NEBA Token is a secure, upgradeable ERC-20 token implementation designed to combine

regulatory readiness with strong operational controls. It integrates role-based access

management, pausable transfers, and UUPS upgradeability, ensuring a controlled token

environment with built-in mechanisms for emergency halts and governance-driven upgrades.

Document

Smart Contract Code Review and Security Analysis Report for NEBA

Name

Token

Audited By Panagiotis Konstantinidis, Seher Saylik

Approved By Ataberk Yavuzer

Website https://nebatoken.com

Changelog 10/10/2025 - Preliminary Report

17/10/2025 - Final Report

Platform EVM

Language Solidity

Tags Fungible Token, ERC20

Methodology https://hackenio.cc/sc_methodology

Review Scope

Repository https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token

Commit 27107b87fae8617d61d387b90421d90aab0efb4e

Retest 1f432d15fa540ce0b56bd64d50ef14af128ddf30

2



Audit Summary

The system users should acknowledge all the risks summed up in the risks section of the

report

5 5 0 0
Total Findings Resolved Accepted Mitigated

Findings by Severity

Severity Count

Critical 0

High 0

Medium 1

Low 2

  

Vulnerability Severity Status

F-2025-13411 - Pausing Disables Allowance Revocation Leaving Users
Medium Fixed

Exposed During Emergencies

F-2025-13407 - Initializer Could Be Front-run Low Fixed

F-2025-13414 - Inaccurate NatSpec on initialize() Function Low Fixed

F-2025-13406 - Floating Pragma Info Fixed

F-2025-13410 - Reentrancy Guard Included but Never Used Creates False
Info Fixed

Sense of Protection

3



Documentation quality

Functional requirements are evident from the spec: fixed 1B supply at init, role-gated

pausing/unpausing, and UUPS-based upgrading.

The in-code comments provide a sufficient technical overview of access control, pause

flow, and upgrade authorization.

Code quality

Implements Solidity best practices with OpenZeppelin upgradeable libraries (ERC20,

Pausable, AccessControl, UUPS), custom errors, and explicit events.

Upgradeable deployment is correctly structured (initializer pattern, disabled constructor,

storage gap, proxy-safe overrides), indicating a properly configured development

approach.

Test coverage

Code coverage of the project is 100% (branch coverage).

All core functionalities such as deployment, pausing, unpausing, role-based access

control, upgrades, and transfers are thoroughly tested.

The development team included integration, unit, fuzz, and invariant tests, validating both

normal and edge-case behaviours across multiple roles.

Invariant tests confirm total supply consistency and prevent balance overflows, while fuzz

tests simulate randomized user interactions under varying conditions.

4



Table of Contents

System Overview 6

Privileged Roles 6

Potential Risks 7

Findings 8

Vulnerability Details 8

Disclaimers 18

Appendix 1. Definitions 19

Severities 19

Potential Risks 19

Appendix 2. Scope 20

Appendix 3. Additional Valuables 21



System Overview

NEBAToken is an upgradeable ERC-20 compliant token designed with enhanced

administrative control and safety mechanisms. It features a fixed total supply of 1 billion

tokens minted at initialization and allocated to the designated treasury address. The contract

implements role-based access control to separate key responsibilities, allowing specific roles

to handle pausing, and upgrading while keeping minting closed post-deployment.

It has the following attributes:

Name: NEBA Token

Symbol: NEBA

Decimals: 18

Total Supply: 1,000,000,000 tokens

Privileged roles

The DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE  of the NEBAToken  contract holds full administrative privileges, including

the ability to grant and revoke any other role within the system. This role effectively

governs the token’s access control and overall management.

The ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE  can pause and unpause the contract, enabling or restoring token

transfers during emergency or maintenance situations.

The BOT_PAUSER_ROLE  is limited to pausing the contract and is intended for automated

systems or bots to halt token activity in response to predefined triggers or abnormal

behavior.

The UPGRADER_ROLE  is authorized to upgrade the contract’s implementation through the UUPS

proxy mechanism, granting the ability to deploy new logic versions while retaining the

existing contract state.

6



Potential Risks

Centralized Role Control: DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE , ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE , and UPGRADER_ROLE

concentrate authority in core functionalities. Compromise or misuse can pause transfers,

reassign roles, or change logic.

Flexibility and Risk in Contract Upgrades: The UUPS pattern allows logic upgrades at

any time by the UPGRADER_ROLE , creating trust and governance risk if the upgrader is

compromised or deploys faulty code.

Absence of Upgrade Window Constraints: No on-chain timelock or mandatory delay

precedes upgrades, increasing the chance of rapid deployment of unvetted

implementations.

Insufficient On-Chain Multi-Signature Controls: The contract does not enforce multi-

signature for privileged actions. The team states a multi-signature wallet will be used

operationally, which should materially reduce this risk once implemented.

Fixed Supply Central Allocation: The entire 1,000,000,000 NEBA supply is minted to

the admin treasury at initialization, creating a single point of control over initial

distribution.

Out-of-Scope Components: Off-chain deployment scripts, governance processes, and

any future upgrade implementations are not covered by this audit and may introduce

additional risk if misconfigured or unaudited.

7



Findings

Vulnerability Details

F-2025-13411 - Pausing Disables Allowance Revocation Leaving

Users Exposed During Emergencies - Medium

Description: The token intentionally pauses transfers via ERC20PausableUpgradeable . In

addition, approvals are also gated by the whenNotPaused  modifier

through a custom _approve()  override. This deviates from

OpenZeppelin’s default ERC20Pausable  behavior, which does not pause

approvals.

// Approvals are disabled while paused

function _approve(address owner, address spender, uint256 value, bool emitEve

nt)

    internal

    virtual

    override

    whenNotPaused           // <-- blocks *all* allowance changes during paus

e

{

    super._approve(owner, spender, value, emitEvent);

}

During a pause, users often want to rapidly reduce or zero-out

allowances granted to DEXs, routers, custodians, bots, or

compromised third-party keys. Because _approve()  function is

guarded with the whenNotPaused  modifier, allowance changes—

including reductions to 0 —are rejected while the token is paused.

As a result, users remain exposed to stale or compromised spenders

for the duration of a pause, exactly when risk is elevated (e.g., a

DEX/router exploit discovered, API key leak, or phishing event).

Assets:
contracts/NEBAToken.sol [https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token]

Status: Fixed

Classification

8



Impact Rate: 3/5

Likelihood Rate: 4/5

Exploitability: Independent

Complexity: Simple

Severity: Medium

Recommendations

Remediation: Adopt a revocation-friendly pause. Keep transfers paused, but allow

non-increasing allowance changes (i.e., reductions or setting to 0 )

while paused. This can be enforced in the _approve()  override by

permitting decreases when paused() == true , and only blocking

increases.

Example Fix:

function _approve(address owner, address spender, uint256 value, bool emitEve

nt)

    internal

    virtual

    override

{

    if (paused()) {

        // Allow revocations / reductions during pause; block increases

        uint256 current = allowance(owner, spender);

        require(value <= current, "Approvals can only decrease while paused")

;

    }

    super._approve(owner, spender, value, emitEvent);

}

Alternative remove the pause check from approvals entirely and

gate only transfers with pause by deleting whenNotPaused  modifier from

_approve()  function and keeping it solely on _update()  function.

Resolution: The approve()  function does not enforce an unpaused status now

within the new implementation. Revised commit: 1f432d1 .

9



F-2025-13407 - Initializer Could Be Front-run - Low

Description: In Solidity smart contracts, initializers are functions used to set up

initial state variables or perform essential setup tasks during

contract deployment. However, a vulnerability arises when

initializers are not adequately protected. If an initializer can be front-

run, meaning an attacker can execute it before legitimate

deployment, several security risks emerge.

The contract defines a public initialize()  function meant to be called

once during deployment. This function uses the initializer  modifier

to ensure it can only be called once. Although the initializer modifier

enforces single execution, any new instance that is created without

invoking initialize()  in the same transaction is exposed to front-

running by external actors. Since no access control is enforced on

this function beyond the initializer check, any user monitoring

mempool transactions can potentially invoke initialize()  first and

take control of the contract's state.

Within the contract, the initialize()  function is public and is missing

proper access control, which gives a chance for front-run

initialization to occur:

    function initialize(address adminTreasury, address upgraderAddress, addre

ss adminPauser, address botAddress)

        public

        initializer

    {

        ...

        _mint(adminTreasury, INITIAL_SUPPLY);

    }

This pattern is a common risk in upgradeable proxy-based

deployments. Until the initialize()  function is executed, the contract

remains uninitialized, exposing a window during which ownership

and control of the entire system can be hijacked. If an attacker

successfully front-runs this call, they gain full administrative

privileges, including the ability to upgrade the contract and

manipulate its intended functionality.

Even if the team’s deployment process atomically calls initialize()

via the ERC1967Proxy  constructor, removing any front-running window,

this is a procedural guarantee rather than a code-level invariant. The

on-chain contract does not itself enforce atomic initialization for

future instances. Therefore, any future instance created without

10



being initialized in the same transaction could be taken over by the

first caller.

Assets:
contracts/NEBAToken.sol [https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token]

Status: Fixed

Classification

Impact Rate: 3/5

Likelihood Rate: 2/5

Exploitability: Independent

Complexity: Medium

Severity: Low

Recommendations

Remediation: To mitigate the risk of front-running the initialize()  function, restrict

access to the initializer so that only a trusted entity, typically the

deployer, can invoke it. This can be achieved by adding a check

within the function that ensures the caller matches a predefined

address.

Alternatively, ensure that the initialization is performed atomically

during or immediately after proxy deployment, such as within the

same transaction via a deployment script or factory contract. These

measures prevent unauthorized users from hijacking the

initialization process and gaining privileged control over the

contract.

Resolution: The NEBA Token team stated that the initialization process is already

executed during the deployment phase.

11



F-2025-13414 - Inaccurate NatSpec on initialize() Function - Low

Description: The initialize()  function contains a NatSpec block that does not

match the function’s actual interface and logic. Specifically:

The current comments omit the @param adminPauser  description

even though the function takes the address adminPauser  parameter

and grants it the ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE . This omission can mislead

integrators and users about how to supply parameters,

increasing the chance of incorrect initialization.

The comment claims “ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE and

BOT_PAUSER_ROLE have the ability to pause and unpause the

token”, but the implementation permits only ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE  to

unpause. The BOT_PAUSER_ROLE  can only pause.

The comments state “BOT_PAUSER_ROLE has the ability to

pause the token for bots,” which implies a scoped bot-only

effect, while the code’s pause()  affects all transfers globally.

/**

 * @notice Initializes the NEBA Token contract and grants roles to the adminT

reasury

 * DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE has all permissions and it can grant and revoke roles

 * ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE and BOT_PAUSER_ROLE have the ability to pause and unpaus

e the token

 * BOT_PAUSER_ROLE has the ability to pause the token for bots

 * UPGRADER_ROLE has the ability to upgrade the contract

 * @param adminTreasury Address for day-to-day management (admin, pauser).

 * @param upgraderAddress Address that can upgrade the contract (should be a 

separate, high-security multisig/wallet).

 * @param botAddress Address for the automated keeper bot (can only pause).

 * @dev Mints entire supply to adminTreasury and sets up roles

 */

function initialize(

    address adminTreasury,

    address upgraderAddress,

    address adminPauser,   // ← present in code, missing in NatSpec

    address botAddress

) public initializer { ... }

function pause() external onlyPausers whenNotPaused { _pause(); }

function unpause() external onlyRole(ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE) whenPaused { _unpause

(); }

These documentation mismatches create misleading expectations

around operational controls and emergency procedures.

12



Assets:
contracts/NEBAToken.sol [https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token]

Status: Fixed

Classification

Impact Rate: 3/5

Likelihood Rate: 2/5

Exploitability: Semi-Dependent

Complexity: Simple

Severity: Low

Recommendations

Remediation: Update the NatSpec to accurately reflect parameters and role

semantics, and keep it synchronized with code behavior:

Add @param adminPauser  explaining it receives ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE

(unpauses; can also pause).

Correct the role description: Both ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE  and

BOT_PAUSER_ROLE  can pause, but only ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE  can unpause.

Clarify that BOT_PAUSER_ROLE  triggers a global pause (not “for bots

only”).

Example Fix:

/**

 * @notice Initializes NEBA and configures roles & supply.

 * @param adminTreasury Receives INITIAL_SUPPLY and DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE.

 * @param upgraderAddress Address granted UPGRADER_ROLE.

 * @param adminPauser Address granted ADMIN_PAUSER_ROLE (can pause and unpaus

e).

 * @param botAddress Address granted BOT_PAUSER_ROLE (can pause only).

 * @dev Pausing is global; both pauser roles can pause; only ADMIN_PAUSER_ROL

E can unpause.

 */

Resolution: The NatSpec is corrected by the NEBA Token team. Revised commit:

1f432d1 .

13



F-2025-13406 - Floating Pragma - Info

Description: In Solidity development, the pragma directive specifies the compiler

version to be used, ensuring consistent compilation and reducing the

risk of issues caused by version changes. However, using a floating

pragma (e.g., ^0.8.20 ) introduces uncertainty, as it allows the

contract to be compiled with any version within the specified range.

This can result in discrepancies between the compiler used in testing

and the one used during deployment, increasing the likelihood of

vulnerabilities or unexpected behavior due to changes in compiler

versions.

The project currently uses floating pragma declarations ( ^0.8.20 ) in

its Solidity contracts. This increases the risk of deploying with a

compiler version different from the one tested, potentially

reintroducing known bugs from older versions or causing unexpected

behavior with newer versions. These inconsistencies could result in

security vulnerabilities, system instability, or financial loss. Locking

the pragma version to a specific, tested version is essential to

prevent these risks and ensure consistent contract behavior.

pragma solidity ^0.8.20;

Assets:
contracts/NEBAToken.sol [https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token]

Status: Fixed

Classification

Impact Rate: 2/5

Likelihood Rate: 1/5

Exploitability: Dependent

Complexity: Simple

Severity: Info

Recommendations

Remediation: It is recommended to lock the pragma version to the specific version

that was used during development and testing. This ensures that the

contract will always be compiled with a known, stable compiler

14



version, preventing unexpected changes in behavior due to compiler

updates. For example, instead of using ^0.8.x , explicitly define the

version with a locked, stable pragma directive.

Before selecting a version, review known bugs and vulnerabilities

associated with each Solidity compiler release. This can be done by

referencing the official Solidity compiler release notes: Solidity GitHu

b releases or Solidity Bugs by Version. Choose a compiler version

with a good track record for stability and security.

Resolution: The pragma is locked to “pragma solidity 0.8.30”. Revised

commit: 1f432d1  .

15



F-2025-13410 - Reentrancy Guard Included but Never Used

Creates False Sense of Protection - Info

Description: The NEBAToken  contract inherits OpenZeppelin’s ReentrancyGuardUpgradeable

and initializes it, but no external state-changing function is marked

with the nonReentrant  modifier. As written, the reentrancy guard

provides no runtime protection, since it doesn’t block reentrant entry

into any code path, but its presence suggests the contract is

protected:

import "@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable/utils/ReentrancyGuardUpgradeable.

sol";

...

contract NEBAToken is

    ERC20Upgradeable,

    ERC20PausableUpgradeable,

    AccessControlUpgradeable,

    UUPSUpgradeable,

    ReentrancyGuardUpgradeable

{

    ...

}

This is risky for an upgradeable token since future upgrades might

add external calls (e.g., hooks, bridges, or callbacks) under the

assumption that a guard is in place, leaving those paths reentrancy-

exposed. It also bloats bytecode and complicates the code with

unused security security overhead..

Assets:
contracts/NEBAToken.sol [https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token]

Status: Fixed

Classification

Impact Rate: 1/5

Likelihood Rate: 2/5

Exploitability: Dependent

Complexity: Simple

16



Severity: Info

Recommendations

Remediation: If reentrancy protection is intended, apply nonReentrant  to any

externally callable, state-changing function that could (now or in

future upgrades) perform external calls or token transfers. Otherwise

remove the ReentrancyGuardUpgradeable  inheritance and initializer to

avoid dead code and confusion. Additionally, document the

reentrancy posture to guide future upgrades.

Resolution: The nonReentrant  modifier is now used for pause/unpause functions.

Revised commit: 1f432d1 .

17



Disclaimers

Hacken Disclaimer

The smart contracts given for audit have been analyzed based on best industry practices at

the time of the writing of this report, with cybersecurity vulnerabilities and issues in smart

contract source code, the details of which are disclosed in this report (Source Code); the

Source Code compilation, deployment, and functionality (performing the intended functions).

The report contains no statements or warranties on the identification of all vulnerabilities and

security of the code. The report covers the code submitted and reviewed, so it may not be

relevant after any modifications. Do not consider this report as a final and sufficient

assessment regarding the utility and safety of the code, bug-free status, or any other contract

statements.

While we have done our best in conducting the analysis and producing this report, it is

important to note that you should not rely on this report only — we recommend proceeding

with several independent audits and a public bug bounty program to ensure the security of

smart contracts.

English is the original language of the report. The Consultant is not responsible for the

correctness of the translated versions.

As part of Hacken’s ongoing quality assurance process, we may conduct re-audits of select

projects. These re-audits are performed independently from the original audit and are

intended solely for internal quality control and improvement. Updated reports resulting from

such re-audits will be shared privately with the respective clients and may be published on the

Hacken website only with their explicit consent.

The sole authoritative source for finalized and most up-to-date versions of all reports remains

the Audits section at https://hacken.io/audits/.

Technical Disclaimer

Smart contracts are deployed and executed on a blockchain platform. The platform, its

programming language, and other software related to the smart contract can have

vulnerabilities that can lead to hacks. Thus, the Consultant cannot guarantee the explicit

security of the audited smart contracts.

18



Appendix 1. Definitions

Severities

When auditing smart contracts, Hacken is using a risk-based approach that considers

Likelihood, Impact, Exploitability and Complexity metrics to evaluate findings and score

severities.

Reference on how risk scoring is done is available through the repository in our Github

organization:

hknio/severity-formula

Severity Description

Critical vulnerabilities are usually straightforward to exploit and can lead to the
Critical

loss of user funds or contract state manipulation.

High vulnerabilities are usually harder to exploit, requiring specific conditions, or

High have a more limited scope, but can still lead to the loss of user funds or contract

state manipulation.

Medium vulnerabilities are usually limited to state manipulations and, in most

Medium cases, cannot lead to asset loss. Contradictions and requirements violations. Major

deviations from best practices are also in this category.

Major deviations from best practices or major Gas inefficiency. These issues will
Low

not have a significant impact on code execution.

Potential Risks

The "Potential Risks" section identifies issues that are not direct security vulnerabilities but

could still affect the project’s performance, reliability, or user trust. These risks arise from

design choices, architectural decisions, or operational practices that, while not immediately

exploitable, may lead to problems under certain conditions. Additionally, potential risks can

impact the quality of the audit itself, as they may involve external factors or components

beyond the scope of the audit, leading to incomplete assessments or oversight of key areas.

This section aims to provide a broader perspective on factors that could affect the project's

long-term security, functionality, and the comprehensiveness of the audit findings.

19



Appendix 2. Scope

The scope of the project includes the following smart contracts from the provided repository:

Scope Details

Repository https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token

Commit 27107b87fae8617d61d387b90421d90aab0efb4e

Retest 1f432d15fa540ce0b56bd64d50ef14af128ddf30

Whitepaper N/A

Requirements docs, README.md

Technical Requirements docs, README.md, NEBAToken.md

Asset Type

contracts/NEBAToken.sol [https://github.com/JayP11/NEBA-Token] Smart Contract

20



Appendix 3. Additional Valuables

Additional Recommendations

The smart contracts in the scope of this audit could benefit from the introduction of automatic

emergency actions for critical activities, such as unauthorized operations like ownership

changes or proxy upgrades, as well as unexpected fund manipulations, including large

withdrawals or minting events. Adding such mechanisms would enable the protocol to react

automatically to unusual activity, ensuring that the contract remains secure and functions as

intended.

To improve functionality, these emergency actions could be designed to trigger under specific

conditions, such as:

Detecting changes to ownership or critical permissions.

Monitoring large or unexpected transactions and minting events.

Pausing operations when irregularities are identified.

These enhancements would provide an added layer of security, making the contract more

robust and better equipped to handle unexpected situations while maintaining smooth

operations.

Additional Considerations

This security assessment was conducted in accordance with the NIST SP 800-115 – Technic

al Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment. This guideline provides a

structured foundation for planning, executing, and documenting technical evaluations such as

testing, vulnerability assessments, and code reviews. Hacken’s internal methodology and

security assessment framework extend these principles to blockchain environments to ensure

consistency, repeatability, and verifiable outcomes.

21